### Tips
- Use the STAR technique when answering the question.
- Make the task relevant to the job you are applying for.
- Use the following words in your response: structure/time-management/persistence/determination

### STAR technique
- situation
- task
- action
- result

### Example Answer
Yes I can. I recently successfully completed an online customer service training courses to further develop my skills in this area and to also fully understand the customer needs. The course two months to complete in total and I carried out all of the studying in my own time whilst holding down mu current job.  
The biggest obstacle I had to overcome was finding the time to complete the work to the high standard that I wanted to achieve. I decided to manage my time effectively and I allocated two hours every evening of the working week in which to complete the studying required. I found the time-management relatively easy to manage as I structured my day accordingly.  
This structured approach enabled me to complete the course quickly and to a high standard.  
I'm pleased to say that I passed the course with 100% marks and I now have more experience about the needs of the modern day customer. The things I learnrd during the course included determining factors that create customers value, identifying the needs of customer and developing strategies to support the modern day customer.  
whenever I approach any type of work-related task I always focus on persistense, being organised and having a detemination to complete the job competently and professionally.  
